Aggregate network objects (#607)
Flowminder/FlowKit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Added new flowclient API entrypoint, `aggregate_network_objects`, to access equivalent flowmachine query [#601](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/601)

### Changed
- The `period` argument to `TotalNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed `total_by`
- The `period` argument to `total_network_objects` in FlowClient has been renamed `total_by`

>   - The `by` argument to `AggregateNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed to `aggregate_by`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `by` argument to `AggregateNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed to `aggregate_by`
```

>  - The `by` argument to `AggregateNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed to `aggregate_by`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Added new flowclient API entrypoint, aggregate_network_objects(), to access (with simplified parameters) equivalent flowmachine query [#601](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/601)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new flowclient API entrypoint, `aggregate_network_objects`, to access equivalent flowmachine query [#601](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/601)
```

### Changed

> 

Reviewer: Can we have a changed entry here as well to reflect that the names of the arguments to `TotalNetworkObjects` and `AggregateNetworkObjects` have been altered?

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Amended time aggregation parameter names used in existing `total_network_objects` query from "period" in flowclient & "by" in flowmachine to "total_by" in both.

Reviewer: Sorry to be pedantic, but can this go in the changed section of [Unreleased], and can we explicitly refer to `TotalNetworkObjects` and `AggregateNetworkObjects`?

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Added new flowclient API entrypoint, `aggregate_network_objects`, to access equivalent flowmachine query [#601](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/601)

### Changed

> - Amended time aggregation parameter names used in existing `TotalNetworkObjects` query from "period" in flowclient & "by" in flowmachine to "total_by" in both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `period` argument to `TotalNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed `total_by`
- The `period` argument to `total_network_objects` in FlowClient has been renamed `total_by`
```

>   Likewise time aggregation parameter name in new `AggregateNetworkObjects` query is "aggregate_by", also used in both flowclient & flowmachine [#601](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/601)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `by` argument to `AggregateNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed to `aggregate_by`
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `by` argument to `AggregateNetworkObjects` in FlowMachine has been renamed to `aggregate_by`
```

## [0.5.3]
### Added

> - Amended time aggregation parameter names used in existing `total_network_objects` query from "period" in flowclient & "by" in flowmachine to "total_by" in both.

Reviewer: Needs to go in the [Unreleased] section
